quest_system_1977238436_desc	Your Archmage spared no effort. If it hadn't been for his support... Oh, you haven't noticed anything, have you? Seven of the Order’s strongest mages formed a circle, forming a rapport of the sort used by the Transformed Ones. However, theirs was several times stronger. They kept the forces of Lazarus bound during the final battle. You don't think that our victory over these madmen is just your doing, do you? They also helped me with making a breach in the dome. I shouldn't have thought so poorly of Albus... Go to him now – he is waiting for you in the Northern Bay.
quest_system_1977238436_done	Here comes our hero! You played an immense role in the victory over Lazarus, make no mistake. As soon as I received the deciphered excerpt from the ancient manuscripts sent by the Abbot, I realized how close we were to catastrophe. The Keepers warned that any attempt to resurrect the remains would lead to an enormous outburst of magical energy rather than the resurrection of their owner. Apparently, Lazarus brought over some of the remains that once had belonged to one of the Lords – the demiurges from the dawn of time responsible for the creation of all these worlds. Lazarus found the Heathen Fane, where it would have been easy for him to set that whole mechanism into motion. He intended to make his exit right before the explosion. Were he to succeed, the Archipelago and the Kingdom of the Three Isles would have been wiped out of existence by now... The role of the Free Jarls is of particular interest. Previously they've been known to us only as your run-of-the-mill sedentary pirates of the north, but now... Now they have challenged us. By the way, an explosion at the Heathen Fane would have damaged their islands as well. I wonder if they knew anything of it, or whether the Transformed Ones decided to leave them in the dark. There's some food for thought now. 
quest_system_1977238436_name	Save the World
quest_system_1977238436_stage_0	Albus
quest_system_1977238436_task	Report the results of your endeavors to Albus the Archmage



