quest_system_1759881886_desc	Yes, I’ve heard of Lazarus. Where from? Well... you know, prisoners will talk if you’re, uh, persuasive enough. It seems that Lazarus leads all of these troublemakers. But I don’t think he’s the real leader. Speak with our priest, Saphaor. He’s been researching this Apostate, as he calls him. I’m sure he’ll send you in the right direction.
quest_system_1759881886_done	Well, does Taron finally understand the hot water we’re in? Probably not; just scared witless. But the gods will judge him when the time comes. Would you like to know about Lazarus? Great. I’ll tell you about him. Lazarus is the leader of the cult which calls themselves the Speakers with the Dead. They don’t have any ties to real Speakers. They’re just a handful of Transformed Ones who think that they’ve mastered the rituals and magic of the ancient Guardians. You’ve never encountered any of the Transformed? Strange... However, they’re not allowed in the Kingdom of the Three Islands; their land is on the old Elven Ridge. The Transformed Ones are products of the Cataclysm which happened at the beginning of the War. Flows of magical energy distorted many living creatures, giving them surprising, and sometimes abominable, new characteristics and abilities. Werewolves and vampires and such are all Transformed Ones. But their danger doesn’t lie in their differences in appearance. The dangerous ones are those who were born with magical abilities. Sometimes these abilities don’t even need to be developed. The Transformed Necromancers are such creatures. If they choose, they can pass for normal mortals. They’re the backbone of the sect of Lazarus. What do they need here? I don’t know. They captured an ancient heathen temple north of here. It seems that something was moved there. Perhaps the hallows of one of the Guardians, or even some relics. Why was it moved? I don’t know, but... What?! Manuscripts describing a ritual to awaken the ancient powers have been stolen?! Hmm. Looks like this is a very serious matter.
quest_system_1759881886_name	The Secret of Lazarus
quest_system_1759881886_stage_0	Talk to Saphaor
quest_system_1759881886_task	Find out who Lazarus is and why he started all this mess.



